1.	Every turtle collected by hand gets a waypoint, unless it was captured at a landmark (e.g. Deep Pool, The Grotto). Waypoint name is Tmarkpool (e.g. if turtle #273 is captured in a medium pool, the waypoint name would be: T273 M). If the pool was mapped before the turtle was captured, waypoint name is Tmark (e.g. T273). Turtles captured in nets are always at landmarks and don't need waypoints.2.	Every large pool (16 m2 or greater) gets a waypoint. Waypoint name is LX, where X is anything that gives it a unique name relative to other waypoints on that gps (e.g. . L21 - the 21 is meaningless). Surface area of each large pool should be estimated visually, and noted in waypoint name if greater than 16m2 (e.g. L 22m2 - note the 22 would be considered meaningless w/o the unit m2).3.	Every medium pool (2-15 m2) gets a waypoint. Waypoint name is MX. Surface area of each medium pool should be estimated visually, and noted in waypoint name if different than 8m2 (e.g. M 4m2, or M 12m2).4.	Every small pool (1 m2 or less) gets a waypoint. Waypoint name is SX. Pools considerably less than 1 m2 should not be mapped. 5.	A pool complex is any cluster of pools within 4 m of a neighbor in the cluster. These can be mapped in groups - it will save time without losing information. The waypoint should be taken from the center of the pool complex. Waypoint name is PC#S#M#L (e.g. PC4S2M1L indicates 4 small pools, 2 medium pools, 1 large pool; PC4S2M1L20m2 indicates the large pool was 20 m2). 6.	A continuous run is a large pool that extends more than about 50 m, has more or less even width, and higher surface area than can be reliably estimated visually. Runs are considered continuous even if they go through narrow gaps as long at the gap is at least wet. Any dry areas between pools results in a pool complex, not a continuous run. Continuous runs get waypoints at both ends coupled with estimates of width. Waypoint name is CONT Location width (e.g CONT U 2m w, or CONT D), where location is upstream (U) or downstream (D). A width estimate is needed in just one name, usually the second one taken, which could be upstream or downstream depending on which direction you are mapping. 7.	Every tank gets a track, and any new tank also gets a waypoint. Waypoint name is tank name.8.	All garter snakes get a waypoint. Waypoint name is GS X. These can be linked to pool waypoints (e.g. M 12 m2 GS).9.	Anything interesting gets a waypoint. Waypoint name is something that clearly identifies the interesting thing and links it to field notes (e.g. SMT eats GS or zone tail or fence).